# 1.1 Exercises

### Exercise 1.1.1: What's the difference between a compiler and an interpreter?

#### Answer

Both are programs processors, but compilers usually receives as input a software code and produces as output a object program that can be used later by the user. Interpreters works in another way, it doesn't produces an object program as result, instead it receives both code and input, and it executes instructions of the given code with the given inputs and produces the result of the program.

### Exercise 1.1.2: What are the advantages of (a) a compiler over an interpreter (b) an interpreter over a compiler?

#### Answer

A - A Target program generated by a compiler is much faster than executes the same instructions in an interpreter. Usually compilers generated target program smaller too, and to execute this target program you don't need a previous software installed in the target machine (Interpreters usually need that you install the interpreter).

B - Interpreters are better for developers experience, it produces better error messages and usually are easier to develop.

### Exercise 1.1.3: What advantages are there to a language-processing system in which the compiler produces assembly language rather than machine language?

#### Answer

Assembly language is easier to produce as output and better to debug

### Exercise 1.1.4: A compiler that translates a high-level language into another high-level language is called a source-to-source translator. What advantages are there to using C as a target language for a compiler?

#### Answer

There are a lot of compilers to C language, if your target language is C you probably can compile it on a lot of systems.

### Exercise 1.1.5: Describe some of the tasks that an assembler needs to perform.

Assembles process its input (assembly code) and produces its output as machine code as output.
